[Registry stamp: 2015012800342 Bk:33823 Pg:167 — 01/28/2015 02:08 CVNT Pg 1/3]
[Handwritten annotations: "+ Plan", "Appendix G", "3"]

CITY OF BEVERLY, MASSACHUSETTS
BEVERLY PLANNING BOARD

FORM G — COVENANT

See Form R for Applicant Signature Information
One completed form and two (2) copies thereof shall be filed with the
Beverly Planning Board.

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS

that whereas the undersigned DUC Residential LLC, P.O. Box 780, Lynnfield,
MA 01940 has submitted an application dated June 23, 2014 to the Beverly
Planning Board for approval of Definitive Plan of a certain subdivision
entitled Essex Crossing, Section(s) N/A, Sheets 11, and dated June 6, 2014,
and has requested the Board to approve such plan without requiring a
performance bond.

NOW THEREFORE, THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH that in consideration of the
Beverly Planning Board approving said plan without requiring a performance
bond, and in consideration of one dollar in hand paid, receipt whereof is
hereby acknowledged, the undersigned covenants and agrees with the City of
Beverly as follows:

1. The undersigned will not sell any lot in the subdivision or erect or
place any permanent building on any such lot until the construction of ways
and the installation of municipal services necessary to serve adequately
such lot has been completed in the manner specified in the aforesaid
application, and in accordance with the covenants, conditions, agreements,
terms, and provisions thereof.

2. This agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators,
devisees, heirs, successors and assigns of the undersigned.

It is the intention of the undersigned and it is hereby understood and
agreed that this contract shall constitute a covenant running with the land
included in the aforesaid subdivision and shall operate as restrictions upon
said land. This covenant shall take effect upon the approval of said plan.
Reference to this covenant shall be entered upon said plan and this covenant
shall be recorded when said plan is recorded.

It is understood and agreed that lots within the subdivision shall,
respectively, be released from the foregoing conditions upon the recording
of a certificate of performance executed by a majority of the Beverly
Planning Board and enumerating the specific lots to be so released.

3. The undersigned represents and covenants that undersigned is the
owner(s)* in fee simple of all the land included in the aforesaid
subdivision and that there are no mortgages of record or otherwise of any of
said land, except such as are described below and sub-ordinated to this
contract, and the present holders of said mortgages have assented to this
contract prior to its execution by the undersigned.

A mortgagee who acquired title to the mortgaged premises or part thereof may
sell any such lot, subject only to the portion of this covenant which
provides that no lot so sold shall be built upon until such ways and
services have been provided to serve such lot.

4. The construction of all ways and the installation of all municipal
services shall be completed in accordance with the applicable Rules and
Regulations of the City of Beverly Governing the Subdivision of Land before
October 21, 2016 [handwritten] unless an extension of time is granted by the
Beverly Planning Board. Failure to so complete shall automatically rescind
approval of the plan.

5. The undersigned "Not Applicable No Rights Of Homestead Exist."
[handwritten] wife/husband of said Covenantor, hereby agrees that such
interest as I may have in said premises shall be subject to the provisions
of this covenant and insofar as is necessary release all rights of tenancy
by the courtesy, dower, homestead, and other interest therein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, applicant as aforesaid, does hereunto
set his hand and seal this 20th day of January 2015.

Applicant's husband/wife: N/A
Applicant(s): DUC Residential LLC, by Paul DiBiase, Manager

Description of Mortgages: Mortgages to Enterprise Bank & Trust Company
recorded at Essex South Registry of Deeds at Book 33792 Page 512 and Book
33792 Page 529.

Assents of mortgagees:
Enterprise Bank & Trust Company
By: Marlene P. Hoyt, Senior Vice President

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
Essex County, ss. — January 20, 2015

Then personally appeared the above named Marlene P. Hoyt, Senior Vice
President, and acknowledged the foregoing instrument to be her free act and
deed, before me.

Notary Public: Faith A. Walsh
[Notary stamp: Faith A. Walsh, Notary Public, Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
My Commission Expires February 20, 2020]

*If there is more than one owner all must sign.

[Transcribed 2026-07-17 from the recorded scan (200 dpi page renders) for
this site with AI assistance.]
